Add CRM tool that will track store and organize leads and quote information.
add mailing address to dynamic auto form.

add this information to the privacy policy page.
Last Updated: July 21, 2025
Quoteus.ca (in this Policy, “Quoteus.ca ”/“we”/”us”) is committed to protecting your privacy. This
privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”) applies to the Quoteus.ca website, www.Quoteus.ca (the
“Website”) together with our services as further described in our terms of use (the “Services”).
The Privacy Policy describes our practices and procedures with respect to privacy and how we
collect, store, use and distribute information about our users (“you”) through the Website and
Services.
Accountability
We maintain internal practices and procedures to ensure that we comply with this Privacy Policy
as well as update it as our offerings and activities change. We endeavour to maintain, and
periodically update, practices and procedures that:
Define the purposes of our collection of your Personal Information;
Obtain valid and meaningful consent for that collection;
Limit collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Information;
Ensure your personal information is correct, complete and current;
Ensure security measures are adequate to protect your Personal Information;
Maintain a retention and destruction timetable;
Respond to complaints, inquiries and requests to access your Personal Information;
Address breach and incident-management protocols;
Assess potential risks to your Personal Information;
Identifying Purposes
Ultimately, we use your Personal Information to provide you with the Services.
We aim to collect, use and disclose only such information as is required to enable us to manage
your account, to provide the Services, to maintain our customer/user lists, to respond to your
inquiries or provide feedback, for identification and authentication purposes, and for service
improvement.
More specifically, the purposes for which we collect, use, and disclose your Personal
Information are listed in the Use and Disclosure Section below. Generally, the purposes are to:
provide you with our products and services, including through third-party suppliers;

better understand your needs and preferences;
maintain responsible commercial relations with you;
determine your eligibility for products and services and recommend products and services to
you;
develop and enhance our products and services;
market products and services that may be of interest to you;
manage our business operations;
detect, suppress or prevent fraud and manage and secure our networks; and
meet our legal and regulatory obligations.
Consent
When you use the Service, your consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal
Information as described in this Privacy Policy will be implied in certain circumstances, most
often when you willingly and intentionally provide us with your personal information, including
directly in writing or electronically, for a specific stated purpose.
We also rely on third parties for your consent when you access the Services using devices or
software that you have disclosed your personal information to, and those services are permitted
to disclose it to us.
We may also seek your express consent to the collection, use or disclosure of your personal
information. Most often, we will seek your express consent when it is highly sensitive or required
for a new purpose. We may obtain your consent by your checking of a box, your acquiescence
to an agreement or your taking another affirmative action by requesting service on our website.
Information
Two types of information may be collected through the Website and our Services: Personal
Information and Website Information.
“Personal Information” is personally identifiable information, such as your name, address, e-mail
address, credit card information, address, birth date and gender etc. At the time of collection, we
will identify the Personal Information being collected and the purposes for which it will be used.
“Website Information” is information we collect when you visit our Website, such as an Internet
Protocol Address (IP Address), the domain used to access the Website, and the type and
version of browser or operating system being used by visitors to the Website.
Collection

We may collect Personal Information in respect of the Website through a registration process,
request form submissions, financial product and service quote inquiries, communications with
you, user support, online tools, and expert advice services.
We also collect aggregate information, such as demographic statistics of our users (e.g.
average age or geographical allocation of our users), number of visitors, what pages users
access or visit, and average time spent on the Website. Similarly, business contact information
such as the name, title, business address, or telephone number of a business or professional
person or an employee of an organization is not considered Personal Information when such
information is used for the purposes of contacting the individual in their business/professional
capacity.
In addition to the Personal information we collect directly from you, we also work with third
parties to more fully understand your journey from requesting a quote to receiving a financial
product. This information received from third parties is collected in accordance with that party’s
privacy policies and may include: date of approval for the financial product, the policy type of
product, the finalized value, and whether and what other products may have been bundled with
the product you inquired about.
Use and Disclosure
We use and disclose your Personal Information for the following purposes:
Account Registration: You may be asked to register for an account to use the Services. If you
choose to register for an account you must provide certain Personal Information to us such as
your full name, address and email address. Unless disclosure is necessary to provide you other
aspects of the Services you request, or as otherwise detailed in this Privacy Policy, none of your
account registration information will be disclosed to third-parties.
Request Forms: If you request more information about a certain third-party product or service
listed on our Website you may be required to input certain Personal Information, such as name,
contact information, address, and certain other information depending on the nature of the third
party product or service you are interested in. If you submit such a request form, we will send
the information contained in the form to the applicable third party offering the product or service.
Any Personal Information that we provide to third parties will be treated in accordance with the
terms of such third party’s own privacy policies, which you should read.
Online Tools: As part of the Services, we may offer tools such as a mortgage calculator,
Canada child benefit calculator, RESP calculator, TFSA Room calculator, and credit card finder.
If you use these tools, we collect the Personal Information you provide (such as your income,

RESP balance, credit score, etc.) in order to provide you with the features and functions of the
tools.
Insurance Quotes: If you request an insurance quote, we collect either your postal code or
province and may automatically redirect you to a third-party website, hosted by one of our
insurance provider partners. Except for your location, any information you submit in the
insurance quote process will be submitted directly to such third-party provider, and not to us.
Your Personal Information will be treated in accordance with the privacy policy of the applicable
third-party insurance provider. We may also offer you the ability to obtain an insurance quote
directly from Quoteus.ca by providing Personal Information on the Website. We collect this
information so that we can obtain an accurate quote from our third-party insurance partners, and
to contact you about your quote.
Auto Insurance: If you request a quote for auto insurance on the Website, we collect Personal
Information related to the driver like date of birth, sex, marital status, job status, driving history,
licence class, insurance status, name of current insurer, price of current insurance per month,
details regarding any accidents or insurance violations the driver and details about the vehicle
include the year, make and model, and number of kilometers driven per year in some case
drivers licenses details. Necessarily, we will have to disclose this information to auto insurance
companies, brokers, or other parties to get you a quote.
Home Insurance: If you request a quote for home insurance, we collect information such as
details regarding your property like address, type of property, and mortgages on the property;
Personal Information about the occupant such as first and last name, date of birth, job status,
years of property insurance, email address, and damage claims history, occupation and rental
information); and property construction details like year property was built, type of exterior,
number of bathrooms, property’s estimated replacement cost, and square footage.
Life Insurance: If you request a quote for life insurance, we collect information such as details
regarding the applicant’s coverage needs such as type of coverage, coverage amount, and
optional insurance products; and Personal Information about the applicant like first and last
name, date of birth, location, sex, smoking habits, email address, and phone number.
Mortgage Application: If you complete a mortgage application form on the Website, we collect
Personal Information including your first and last name, email address, phone number, province,
date of birth, address history, annual income, financial institution, employment status and other
employment-related information, and financial assets. We will also obtain your consent to obtain
your credit report from a credit reporting agency. We share your credit report and other
information provided on your application form with potential mortgage lenders so that they can
assess your eligibility for a mortgage, and we may also share information with financial
intermediaries and mortgage insurers as necessary to offer and provide services to you. Your
credit report may include information such as the types and amounts of credit advanced to you,

payment histories, negative banking items, collection actions, legal proceedings, previous
bankruptcies and other information reported by your creditors. You will have authorized credit
reporting agencies to provide such information to us. If we are unable to obtain your credit
report based on your name, date of birth and mailing address alone, we may request you to
provide other information, such as your social insurance number, on an optional basis which we
will use to help us identify you with a credit reporting agency.
Credit Reports: To obtain a free credit report, as detailed in the Terms of Service, you will be
required to provide us certain Personal Information for the purpose of the generating the free
credit report. The necessary Personal Information includes: your name, email address, date of
birth, annual income, phone number, social insurance number, and address. We disclose this
Personal Information to our partner Equifax. Equifax may use this Personal Information for their
own purposes as detailed in Equifax’s terms of service and privacy policy. We will continue to
use this Personal Information to update your credit report from time to time, and accordingly, will
also use this Personal Information to provide updated credit reports, which you can find in your
account.
Credit Card Applications: We may also use and disclose your Personal Information to
facilitate your applications for credit cards on our Website. We will collect Personal Information
such as: first and last name, email address, phone number, date of birth, address and address
history, annual income, employment status and other employment information, financial assets,
and social insurance number. We may either collect this information and disclose it to a specific
credit card provider, or use the information to assess the best credit card for you and provide the
information to the applicable credit card providers.
Location Information: Certain third-party products and services are only available in certain
areas, and therefore we may ask for your location, either by requesting your postal code,
province, city, and/or address or by using Website Information.
Transactional Notifications: We provide notifications for certain activities relating to your use
of our Services despite your indicated e-mail preferences, for example we may send you notices
of any updates to our Terms of Use or Privacy Policy.
Marketing Communications and Product Recommendations: If you sign-up to receive
marketing communications from us, we collect your name and email address to send you
information about our product and services and those of our partners that may be of interest to
you. We may also use the information we have about you as well as information obtained from
third parties to provide you with personalized product recommendations on the Website. You
may withdraw your consent to receiving marketing communications or product
recommendations from us at any time by following the opt-out instructions in each
communication, or by contacting our customer service department at info@Quoteus.ca.

Statistics: We also collect statistics about your use of third-party products and services that
you request information about through the Website. This information will be kept confidential,
however, aggregate statistics that do not personally identify an individual will be kept by us and
such aggregate statistics may be made available to other members or third parties.
Cookies and other Website Technologies: Cookies are used by us to track content usage and
traffic on the Website. A cookie is a feature of your web browser that consists of a text file that is
placed on your hard disk by a web server. The Website uses cookies to help it compile
aggregate statistics about usage of this Website, such as how many users visit the Website,
how long users spend viewing the Website, and what pages are viewed most often, and what
pages users may visit directly after leaving the Website. This information is used to improve the
content of the Website and to provide and improve the Services. You can set your browser to
notify you when you are sent a cookie. This gives you the chance to decide whether or not to
accept it. If you disable cookies, you may not be able to take advantage of all the features of the
Website. Our Website may also use a technology called tracer tags, pixel tags or web beacons.
This technology allows us to understand which pages you visit on our Website and are used to
help us optimize and tailor our Website for you and other future visitors to our Website.
IP address: Your IP address is reported by your web browser whenever you visit a page on
the Website. This information is recorded together with your registration information on our
databases. We use this information to improve our Services.
Analytics: We may use third party software such as Google Analytics to help us gather and
analyze information about the areas visited on the Website (such as the pages most read, time
spent, search terms and other engagement data) in order to evaluate and improve the user
experience and the Website. For more information or to opt-out using the Google Analytics
opt-out browser add-on, see “How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps”
and “Google Analytics and Privacy”.
Interest-Based Advertising: Advertisements appearing on the Website may be delivered by us
or one or more third-party web advertisers. We may allow these third-party web advertisers to
set cookies or other similar technologies on the Website that collect information about you,
including Website Information. As the information is collected on the Website, strictly speaking,
we disclose this information to the advertiser. These cookies allow the advertisement server
operated by that third party to recognize your computer each time they send you an online
advertisement. Accordingly, advertisement servers may compile information about where or
whether you viewed their advertisements and which advertisements you clicked on. This
information allows web advertisers to deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of
most interest to you.
Improving our User Experience: We may also use the Personal Information you provide us to
access other Personal Information available about you from third parties, in which case the

information about you we access from third-parties was collected in accordance with that
third-party’s privacy policies. For example, if you seek an auto insurance quote from us, we may
access your driving and insurance history from a third-party provider. We also work with
third-parties such as ad networks and other advertising companies that use their own tracking
technologies, including cookies and pixel tags, on our Website in order to provide you with
tailored advertisements on our Website and across the Internet. These companies may collect
information about your activity on our Website and third-party websites (such as web pages you
visit and your interaction with our advertising and other communications) and use this
information to make predictions about your preferences, develop personalized content and
deliver ads that are more relevant to you on third party websites. This information may also be
used to evaluate the effectiveness of our online advertising campaigns.
We disclose your Personal Information solely to carry out the purposes listed above. We engage
third parties to directly provide the services underlying the above purposes as service providers
to: improve our Website, host our Website, provide advertising services, provide email
marketing services, provide cloud services, and engage in analytics for advertising services.
These third parties may have limited access to databases of user information solely for those
purposes and they will be subject to contractual restrictions prohibiting them from using the
information for any other purpose.
If we plan to use your Personal Information in the future for any other purposes not identified
above, we will only do so after updating this Privacy Policy. See further the section of this
Privacy Policy entitled ‘Amendment of this Policy’.
We may disclose your Personal Information to third parties without your consent if we have
reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal
action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or
unintentionally) our rights or property, other Website users, other users of the Services, or
anyone else that could be harmed by such activities. We may disclose Personal Information
when we believe in good faith that such disclosure is required or permitted by and in
accordance with applicable law.
We may also disclose your Personal Information in connection with a corporate re-organization,
a merger or amalgamation with another entity, a sale of all or a substantial portion of our assets
or stock, including any due diligence exercise carried out in relation to the same, provided that
the information disclosed continues to be used for the purposes permitted by this Privacy Policy
by the entity acquiring the information (or as otherwise consented to).
Opting Out

You may withdraw your consent to our collection, use, or disclosure of your Personal
Information at any time. However, withdrawing consent may result in your inability to continue
using all the features available on the Website and/or the Services.
For more information about interest-based advertising and to understand your options, including
how you can opt-out of receiving behavioural ads from third-party advertising companies
participating in the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada, please visit the Digital Advertising
Alliance of Canada website at http://youradchoices.ca/choices. Please note that even if you
opt-out of interest-based advertising by a third party, these tracking technologies may still collect
data for other purposes including analytics and you will still see ads from us, but the ads will not
be targeted based on behavioural information about you and may therefore be less relevant to
you and your interests. To opt out, you must have cookies enabled in your web browser. To do
this, see your browser’s instructions for information on cookies and how to enable them. When
you opt-out, it only applies to the web browser you use so you must opt-out of each web
browser on each computer you use. Once you opt out, if you delete your browser’s saved
cookies, you will need to opt-out again.
Protecting your Information
The security of your Personal Information is important to us. We have put in place contractual
and other organizational safeguards with our agents and service providers to ensure a proper
level of protection of your Personal Information. In addition to those measures, we will not
disclose or transfer your Personal Information to third parties except as specified in this Privacy
Policy.
Our servers (and certain service providers) are also located in Canada and accordingly your
Personal Information may be available to the Canadian government or its agencies under a
lawful order, irrespective of the safeguards we have put in place for the protection of your
Personal Information.
We use commercially reasonable efforts to store and maintain your Personal Information in a
secure environment. We take technical, contractual, administrative, and physical security steps
designed to protect Personal Information that you provide to us. We have implemented
procedures designed to limit the dissemination of your Personal Information to only such
designated staff as are reasonably necessary to carry out the stated purposes we have
communicated to you.

You are also responsible for helping to protect the security of your Personal Information. For
instance, never give out your email account information or your password for the Services to
third parties.
We will maintain the confidentiality of any contact information you provide to us when you sign
up for our Services, marketing communications, or contact us with questions or for further
information and we will use it only for the purposes for which we have collected it (subject to the
exclusions and disclosures we have listed in this Privacy Policy), unless you agree that we may
disclose it to other third parties.
Retention
We will keep your Personal Information for as long as it remains necessary for the purposes
mentioned above or as required by law, which may extend beyond the termination of our
relationship with you. We may retain certain data as necessary to prevent fraud or future abuse,
or for legitimate business purposes, such as analysis of aggregated, non-personally-identifiable
data, account recovery, or if required by law. All retained personal information will remain
subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you request that your name be removed from our
databases, it may not be possible to completely delete all your Personal Information due to
technological and legal constraints.
Access and Accuracy
You have the right to access the Personal Information we hold about you in order to verify the
Personal Information we have collected in respect to you and to have a general account of our
uses of that information. Upon receipt of your written request, we will provide you with a copy of
your Personal Information although in certain limited circumstances, we may not be able to
make all relevant information available to you such as where that information also pertains to
another user. In such circumstances we will provide reasons for the denial to you upon request.
We will endeavor to deal with all requests for access and modifications in a timely manner. We
will make every reasonable effort to keep your Personal Information accurate and up-to-date,
and we will provide you with mechanisms to update, correct, delete or add to your Personal
Information as appropriate. This amended Personal Information will be transmitted to those
parties to which we are permitted to disclose your information. Having accurate Personal
Information about you enables us to give you the best possible service.
Quebec Residents
If you are a user who is also a resident of Quebec, you have specific rights with respect to your
Personal Information by virtue of the Act Respecting the Protection of Personal Information in
the Private Sector, as amended by Law 25 and we are committed to upholding those rights.

Accordingly, we have appointed a Person in Charge of Personal Information (the “PCPI”), who
can be contacted by emailing info@Quoteus.ca. The PCPI is the individual ultimately
responsible for ensuring our compliance with all rules, regulations, and laws with respect to
Personal Information in Quebec. In addition to the PCPI, we will be implementing Privacy
Impact Assessments whenever we implement a new Information or Electronic Service Delivery
System and whenever a new relationship is set up that could involve your Personal Information
being disclosed to a third party outside Quebec. At present, the Personal Information of Quebec
residents is disclosed outside Quebec in certain circumstances, these include:
During normal business operations when Personal Information is accessed and used by us,
for the purposes already identified in this Policy, but our workforce is located outside Quebec;
and
To share the Personal Information that you provide to us with a third party to offer you a
product or service you have requested.
We also recognize that Quebec users have certain rights with respect to their Personal
Information. You are entitled to exercise these rights and they include:
Access and Rectification: you may request access to any Personal Information in our
possession and ask to correct it if it is inaccurate, incomplete, or equivocal.
Control of Dissemination: you can request that we stop disseminating your Personal
Information or de-index any hyperlink providing access to you Personal Information.
Data Portability: by the Fall of 2024, you will have the right to request that we give you a copy
of the computerized PI that we have in our possession.
We will respond to these requests in the time allotted by the Commission – usually 30 days.
Amendment of this Policy
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. If we decide to change this
Privacy Policy in the future, we may post an appropriate notice on the home page at
www.Quoteus.ca, especially if the change is material. Any change to this Privacy Policy will
become effective on the date the change is posted. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy
Policy applies to all Personal Information that we have about you. The date on which the latest
update was made is indicated below. We recommend that you print a copy of this Privacy Policy
for your reference and revisit this policy from time to time to ensure you are aware of any
changes.
Contact Us

You can help by keeping us informed of any changes such as a change of address or telephone
number. If you would like to access your information, if you have any questions, comments or
suggestions, if you find any errors in our information about you, or for more information on the
manner in which we or our service providers use your Personal Information, please contact our
customer service team at: info@Quoteus.ca.

Add facebook link and Instagram links
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/people/QuoteUsca/100064074608534/
Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/quoteus.ca/